docs/Configuration.md, before:

# Configuration Source
There are several configuration sources to configure reporting.

- [Json file](#json-file)
- [Environment variables](#environment-variables)
- [Directory source](#directory-source)

Configuration sources are not mandatory, you can use any of them, or in combination. But specifying of same properties is mandatory, e.g. URI to server Web API. If some property is defined in several sources, the latest one is used by reporters. If you want concatenate a value which is already defined in configuration chain, just begin your value from `++` entry. Specifying `reportportal_launch_description` env variable with `++this is additional launch info` will be used in cooperation with defined property value in json file. Or `reportportal_launch_tags` = `++more_tag_1;and_one_more_2` tags will be added to launch instead of overwriting it. 

## Json file
Agents read the `ReportPortal.json` file for configuration properties. This file should be located in the same directory where agent dll file is located (usually it's your tests output `bin\Debug` directory).

```
bin
└── Debug
    ├── YourTests.dll
    ├── ReportPortal.Shared.dll
    └── ReportPortal.json
```

Values in json file are considered as flatten list. The following json file will be converted to `Section1:PropertyAbc`.
```json
{
  "Section1": {
    "PropertyAbc": "Value"
  }
}
```

## Environment variables
Sometimes it's useful to specify configuration properties via environment variables. To specify `Section1:PropertyAbc` property just set environment variable with `ReportPortal_Section1_PropertyAbc` or `ReportPortal__Section1__PropertyAbc` name. We provide ability use `_` or `__` as a delimiter of nested variables. In case if you decided to use `_` as a delimiter, variable names should be started from `RP_` or `ReportPortal_`. Otherwise, variable names should be started from `RP__` or `ReportPortal__`. Variable names are case-insensitive.

## Directory source
It's easier to define some property in any textual file. Agent finds all these files and considers them as configuration source. For example to define `Section1:PropertyAbc` property just create a file with `ReportPortal_Section1_PropertyAbc` name, put any value into this file, and agent will take it during test results reporting.


# General

`Server:Project` - the name of your (pre-existing) project in ReportPortal server.

`Server:Url` - url to your ReportPortal server, including protocol and ports, e.g. `https://reportportal.example.com` or `http://reportportal.example.com:8080`.

`Server:Authentication:Uuid` - access token to submit results to ReportPortal. You can find this in your user profile.

# HTTP

## Proxy
`Server:Proxy:Url` - url to proxy server to be used for http requests like `http://myproxy.corp:8080`.
`Server:Proxy:Username`, `Server:Proxy:Domain` and `Server:Proxy:Password` to specify credentials for proxy server which require authorization.

## Timeout
`Server:Timeout` - how many seconds to wait when awaiting response from server.

## Insecure connection
`Server:IgnoreSslErrors` - ignores SSL/TLS errors. Defaults to `false`. This can be helpful when using self-signed certificates, however this can make the connection susceptible to [man-in-the-middle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack) attacks.

## Asynchronous reporting
`Server:AsyncReporting` - [asynchronous report](https://reportportal.io/docs/dev-guides/AsynchronousReporting) processing on server side (`false` by default). It gives a response back immediately after a server that is receiving a request from a client. Useful when you have a lot of tests which produce a lot of log messages to be sent to a server.

# HTTP requests retry
During tests execution agent sends test results as http requests to server. In case of fast test execution, or parallel tests execution, agent produces many requests to server. These requests are being sent in background and in parallel. Some requests might be failed due any reason e.g. short-term service unavailability, or network bandwith. To negotiate this issue several methodics can be applied.

## Status codes
By default reporting doesn't retry any http requests, recieved from api service, with unsuccessful http response status code. If you need to retry unsuccessful http request, you can set `Server:Retry:HttpStatusCodes` configuration property to a list of status codes to retry.

Example:
```json
"server": {
  "retry": {
    "httpStatusCodes": [504, "BadGateway"]
  }
}
```

See the list of supported status codes [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.httpstatuscode).

## Throttle requests
Configure `Server:MaximumConnectionsNumber` property to set the maximum number of concurrent requests (default is `10`).

## Batching log messages
If your test produces a lot of log messages shortly, then they, most likely, will be sent as single http request. `Server:LogsBatchCapacity` says how many log messages can be combined as 1 request (default is `20`).

## Retry requests
Set `Server:Retry:Strategy` property to `Exponential` (default) or `Linear` or `None`.

### Exponential
Failed requests will be retried with continuosly increased delays between attemps.

- `Server:Retry:MaxAttempts` - how many times retry request (3 attempts by default)
- `Server:Retry:BaseIndex` - exponential index for delaying (2 seconds by default)

Given default values reporter will wait 8 seconds (2^3), then 16 seconds (2^4).

### Linear
- `Server:Retry:MaxAttempts` - how many times retry request (3 attempts by default)
- `Server:Retry:Delay` - how long to wait between attempts (5000 milliseconds by default)

### None
Requests are not repeated, only 1 attempt is allocated for all requests.


# Reporting Experience

If you want to redirect agent to send test results into some another way, there are several options:
- `Launch:Id` (UUID of existing launch) - agent will append test results into provided Launch ID. Launch should be *IN_PROGRESS* state, agent will not finish it. It's your responsibility to start and finish launch. Usefull for distributed test execution, where tests are running on different machines and you want to see consolidated report.
- `Launch:Rerun` (true/false/yes/no) - agent will try to add new tests into existing launch (compared by name) or adds new attempt/retry for existing tests.
- `Launch:RerunOf` (UUID of existing launch) - agent will try to add new tests into existing launch (by ID) or adds new attempt/retry for existing tests. Takes effect only if `Launch:Rerun` is `true`.


# Analytics

Each time when new launch is posted to RP server, reporting engine sends this fact to google analytics service. It doesn't collect sensetive information, just name and version of used engine/agent.

This behavior can be turned off through `Analytics:Enabled` configuration property.

Commit message:

Launch artifacts extension (#148)
* Simple artifacts collecting

* Docs

* Update Configuration.md

* Update Configuration.md

docs/Configuration.md, after:

# Configuration Source
There are several configuration sources to configure reporting.

- [Json file](#json-file)
- [Environment variables](#environment-variables)
- [Directory source](#directory-source)

Configuration sources are not mandatory, you can use any of them, or in combination. But specifying of same properties is mandatory, e.g. URI to server Web API. If some property is defined in several sources, the latest one is used by reporters. If you want concatenate a value which is already defined in configuration chain, just begin your value from `++` entry. Specifying `reportportal_launch_description` env variable with `++this is additional launch info` will be used in cooperation with defined property value in json file. Or `reportportal_launch_tags` = `++more_tag_1;and_one_more_2` tags will be added to launch instead of overwriting it. 

## Json file
Agents read the `ReportPortal.json` file for configuration properties. This file should be located in the same directory where agent dll file is located (usually it's your tests output `bin\Debug` directory).

```
bin
└── Debug
    ├── YourTests.dll
    ├── ReportPortal.Shared.dll
    └── ReportPortal.json
```

Values in json file are considered as flatten list. The following json file will be converted to `Section1:PropertyAbc`.
```json
{
  "Section1": {
    "PropertyAbc": "Value"
  }
}
```

## Environment variables
Sometimes it's useful to specify configuration properties via environment variables. To specify `Section1:PropertyAbc` property just set environment variable with `ReportPortal_Section1_PropertyAbc` or `ReportPortal__Section1__PropertyAbc` name. We provide ability use `_` or `__` as a delimiter of nested variables. In case if you decided to use `_` as a delimiter, variable names should be started from `RP_` or `ReportPortal_`. Otherwise, variable names should be started from `RP__` or `ReportPortal__`. Variable names are case-insensitive.

## Directory source
It's easier to define some property in any textual file. Agent finds all these files and considers them as configuration source. For example to define `Section1:PropertyAbc` property just create a file with `ReportPortal_Section1_PropertyAbc` name, put any value into this file, and agent will take it during test results reporting.


# General

`Server:Project` - the name of your (pre-existing) project in ReportPortal server.

`Server:Url` - url to your ReportPortal server, including protocol and ports, e.g. `https://reportportal.example.com` or `http://reportportal.example.com:8080`.

`Server:Authentication:Uuid` - access token to submit results to ReportPortal. You can find this in your user profile.

# HTTP

## Proxy
`Server:Proxy:Url` - url to proxy server to be used for http requests like `http://myproxy.corp:8080`.
`Server:Proxy:Username`, `Server:Proxy:Domain` and `Server:Proxy:Password` to specify credentials for proxy server which require authorization.

## Timeout
`Server:Timeout` - how many seconds to wait when awaiting response from server.

## Insecure connection
`Server:IgnoreSslErrors` - ignores SSL/TLS errors. Defaults to `false`. This can be helpful when using self-signed certificates, however this can make the connection susceptible to [man-in-the-middle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man-in-the-middle_attack) attacks.

## Asynchronous reporting
`Server:AsyncReporting` - [asynchronous report](https://reportportal.io/docs/dev-guides/AsynchronousReporting) processing on server side (`false` by default). It gives a response back immediately after a server that is receiving a request from a client. Useful when you have a lot of tests which produce a lot of log messages to be sent to a server.

# HTTP requests retry
During tests execution agent sends test results as http requests to server. In case of fast test execution, or parallel tests execution, agent produces many requests to server. These requests are being sent in background and in parallel. Some requests might be failed due any reason e.g. short-term service unavailability, or network bandwith. To negotiate this issue several methodics can be applied.

## Status codes
By default reporting doesn't retry any http requests, recieved from api service, with unsuccessful http response status code. If you need to retry unsuccessful http request, you can set `Server:Retry:HttpStatusCodes` configuration property to a list of status codes to retry.

Example:
```json
"server": {
  "retry": {
    "httpStatusCodes": [504, "BadGateway"]
  }
}
```

See the list of supported status codes [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.httpstatuscode).

## Throttle requests
Configure `Server:MaximumConnectionsNumber` property to set the maximum number of concurrent requests (default is `10`).

## Batching log messages
If your test produces a lot of log messages shortly, then they, most likely, will be sent as single http request. `Server:LogsBatchCapacity` says how many log messages can be combined as 1 request (default is `20`).

## Retry requests
Set `Server:Retry:Strategy` property to `Exponential` (default) or `Linear` or `None`.

### Exponential
Failed requests will be retried with continuosly increased delays between attemps.

- `Server:Retry:MaxAttempts` - how many times retry request (3 attempts by default)
- `Server:Retry:BaseIndex` - exponential index for delaying (2 seconds by default)

Given default values reporter will wait 8 seconds (2^3), then 16 seconds (2^4).

### Linear
- `Server:Retry:MaxAttempts` - how many times retry request (3 attempts by default)
- `Server:Retry:Delay` - how long to wait between attempts (5000 milliseconds by default)

### None
Requests are not repeated, only 1 attempt is allocated for all requests.


# Reporting Experience

If you want to redirect agent to send test results into some another way, there are several options:
- `Launch:Id` (UUID of existing launch) - agent will append test results into provided Launch ID. Launch should be *IN_PROGRESS* state, agent will not finish it. It's your responsibility to start and finish launch. Useful for distributed test execution, where tests are running on different machines and you want to see consolidated report.
- `Launch:Rerun` (true/false/yes/no) - agent will try to add new tests into existing launch (compared by name) or adds new attempt/retry for existing tests.
- `Launch:RerunOf` (UUID of existing launch) - agent will try to add new tests into existing launch (by ID) or adds new attempt/retry for existing tests. Takes effect only if `Launch:Rerun` is `true`.

## Attachments
In additional of attaching artifacts during tests execution [dynamically](./Logging.md), it is possible to configure file attachments at launch level statically via files pattern. Set `Launch:Artifacts` configuration property to set of file patterns, and files will be automatically attached after tests execution.

Example:
```json
{
  "launch": {
    "artifacts": [ "*.log", "screenshots/*.png" ]
  }
}
```

# Analytics

Each time when new launch is posted to RP server, reporting engine sends this fact to google analytics service. It doesn't collect sensitive information, just name and version of used engine/agent.

This behavior can be turned off through `Analytics:Enabled` configuration property.
